[SRVKS-713] Add explanation about rewriteAppHTTPProbers annotation in ServiceMesh integration (#31150)
openshift/openshift-docs: serverless/networking/serverless-ossm-jwt.adoc

Adding sidecar injection to pods in system namespaces such as `knative-serving` and `knative-serving-ingress` is not supported.
====

[IMPORTANT]
====

> You must set the annotation `sidecar.istio.io/rewriteAppHTTPProbers: "true"` in your Knative service as {ServerlessProductName} versions 1.14.0 and later use a HTTP probe as the readiness probe for Knative services by default.

Reviewer: s/annotation `sidecar.istio.io/rewriteAppHTTPProbers: "true"/`sidecar.istio.io/rewriteAppHTTPProbers: "true" annotation
s/a HTTP/an HTTP

Author: Thank you! Updated.

> You must set the annotation `sidecar.istio.io/rewriteAppHTTPProbers: "true"` in your Knative service as {ServerlessProductName} versions 1.14.0 and later use a HTTP probe as the readiness probe for Knative services by default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You must set the `sidecar.istio.io/rewriteAppHTTPProbers: "true"` annotation in your Knative service as {ServerlessProductName} versions 1.14.0 and later use an HTTP probe as the readiness probe for Knative services by default.
```

Reviewer 2: Adding as a suggestion so you can just accept it @nak3 🙂

Reviewer 2: Unless it doesn't work like that here, maybe I'm too used to upstream 😄

Author: Thank you! It makes very easy to fix :smile:

Adding sidecar injection to pods in system namespaces such as `knative-serving` and `knative-serving-ingress` is not supported.
====

[IMPORTANT]
====

> You need to set `sidecar.istio.io/rewriteAppHTTPProbers: "true"` to `spec.template.metadata.annotations` in your Knative Service
> as {ServerlessProductName} v1.14 or later uses HTTP probe for the readiness probe of Knative service by default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You must set the annotation `sidecar.istio.io/rewriteAppHTTPProbers: "true"` in your Knative service as {ServerlessProductName} versions 1.14.0 and later use a HTTP probe as the readiness probe for Knative services by default.
```
